# CS-300-Project-Two

  The problem I was solving in this course was creating a C++ program that is able to take in data from a file. This data needs to be placed in a list of data objects. This data needs to be able to be outputted, sorted and searched for. This allows the client to access its courses.
  I approached this problem by first deciding what data structure I would like to use to solve this problem. After going thorugh project one I was able to determine that a vector was the best solution for this problem. Going on from this I was able to code all the requirements of the client using this vector.
  I had a roadblock with sorting the vector. I could not find a way to sort the vector that was composed of courses. I ended up finding a good method by researching more and finally being able to sort the vector by using the key of the courseNumber.
  This work has expanded my approach to desinging software by compartamentalizing the different requirements. I would normally not use as many functions as I did, but after reading all the requirements and planning ahead of time I was able to create all the different seperate functions that completed what was needed. The fact that they were all seperate functions made it easier to create, manage, edit and edit in the future. I will use this strategy going forward.
  My work on this project has evolved in ways that have many comments which explain to myself in the future and anyone else editing the code. I also compartamentalized my code and used many different functions to ensure that the code is easy to read and is more manageable. Both comments and functions will make it so that my program is maintainable, readable and adaptable.
